hello again, the voice from the box is with you again
under the umbrella of sayings better late than
never
I present you an overview of gta robberies
online
The first about robberies we were told in
special gameplay video
dedicated to multiple and one of the living
this trailer came out again in about
a couple of months before the release of the game to us then
Immediately said that the robbery will have
wait a bit and we waited waited waited
we are a whole year and a half now
look god we waited
the first thing you need to know about the robbery
if for some reason absent
on this planet last year is what
they are cooperative and for their passage
need a cohesive team of four
man and it is important that none of them
was daun otherwise nothing will come of it
there is a big problem of absence
accomplices because if you like
I have no friends and especially those who have
there is a suitable platform and even so
more than those who have gta 5 and generally still
the much more free time
coinciding with your principle
lucky but you need people like that
three copies
so even get together for the passage
robberies for someone can be very
hard to play with random players
just doesn't make sense they leave after
1 1 map and you have to assemble a team
don't even try again don't try
but it's certainly not scary, I think not
need to tell what's right
gameplay difficulty win always on
favor and when you take off face
well-coordinated team she makes gameplay
much more interesting when you do not pass
at some point you turn on
collective thinking everyone starts
suggest any ideas
you start to use them in the game and you
it starts to get this beautiful
feeling but not worth overdoing
because four heads are capable
come up with and cheat way anything
pass and it already kills interest in the game
although it is worth thinking about people who
nature did not give a direct hand for
these people themselves rockstar presented
assistant bulletproof car
kuruma
which divides the difficulty of passing
robberies roughly in half and spoil
thus all the shooting in the game because
that you can just come to the right place
you place in four on this tank and
just shoot everyone and juices yes but
better to do everything as planned
initially each operation duties
divided among players so that they
simultaneously played different roles it gives
10 points plus atmosphere and immersion
the game is one of the easiest options
the mission is to kidnap
prisoner from jail two of you
dress up in jailers one
the prisoner and the other in his guard these
two sit in a prison bus which
you already hijacked in the preparatory mission
and go to jail penetrates her under
shelter and begin to knead there two
your other accomplices at this time
getting ready to take you from the air one
takes the plane on which you are all
own fly and the second takes
military helicopter to protect the aircraft
from any KGB men after
ground group turn prison
security guards in the decoration elements
they sit down with recently
announced ex-convicts
armored car and go to the nearest airport
where is the plane waiting for them
ingeniously like about macaroni and
most of these missions are underway that
concerns the diversity of all these assignments
thats all about as in singleplayer
there is of course both a chase and
shootouts as well as sophisticated stealth and
all sorts of surveillance missions
mini-games and so on and between tasks
when you wait for a call organizer like
the rule is best to roll into the store
to buy m m benson and grenades
a single player also resembles storylines.
screensaver featuring fact you
four
and your employer is most pleased
Naturally trevor which absolutely not
I changed over half of the year
Ukraine
In general, this mode
represents with you a whole separate
play on my internal stopwatch on
the passage of all these missions is gone
approximately 25 hours and despite the fact that we
played on medium difficulty
the game was not easy but at the same time
tightly we never got stuck
if you take all this into account a
also the fact that this can be said
they gave us a separate game
free in the appendage and so one of
best games in history it makes her still
so much better that 10 points to gta 5
already somehow not enough and a bonus I will say that
at least the game will be quite soon 2
years there is still a very big chance
see the plot addition to play on
it is repeatedly hinted actor
voiced by franklin and there is a big
the probability that this dlc will be
be present great cj then
us and there will be a reason to talk again about
this great game thank you all for
view don't forget to subscribe and
leave your opinion in the comments
only they make me do new
videos all thank you all see you soon